Xianxia RP v0.19.24 RECOMMENDED RELEASE

Release date: 2026-09-03
Schema: 26 (unchanged from v0.19)

v0.19.24 gives every route its own rate window. The single account-wide ceiling could
not express what the providers actually enforce.

THE MISMATCH
  Provider caps are PER MODEL. Google allows Gemma 4 roughly 15 requests/minute and
  1500/day PER MODEL. This build had one global ceiling of 20/min, which is at once

    TOO HIGH for a single route   (20 > 15 -> we call out and get refused)
    TOO LOW  for the fleet        (two Gemma routes are entitled to 30)

  Production showed exactly that: both Gemma routes cooling down independently while
  the account limiter reported "granted 15, refused 0" - it had never fired once.
  The thing throttling narration was invisible to the thing meant to prevent it.

  And v0.19.20's daily budget default of 50 was correct for OpenRouter's shared free
  pool but 30x too low for a provider key: with a Google key each Gemma route is
  entitled to 1500/day, and our own counter would have cut narration off at 50 - the
  feature added to save requests becoming the only thing refusing them.

WHAT CHANGED
  New RouteLimiter: one RPM + RPD window PER MODEL, alongside the account-wide pair.
  Both are real and both are kept, because the topology genuinely has two layers:

    account-wide   20/min, 50/day   OpenRouter's own free-tier limits
    per route      15/min, 1500/day what the provider enforces per model

  A route at ITS OWN ceiling is now SKIPPED, not called. Previously the only way to
  discover a cap was to spend an upstream attempt and be refused - which also spent a
  daily slot and started a 60-second cooldown. Skipping costs nothing and moves
  straight to the next model, which has a separate quota.

  A skipped route is NOT recorded as a failure: it has not failed, it is simply not
  this route's turn. It keeps its never-succeeded status honest.

  ai_status now prints each route's own ceiling, which of the two is closest, the
  headroom left, and how many calls were held back before dialling out.

DEFAULTS THAT ARE RIGHT IN BOTH REGIMES
  15/min and 1500/day - the documented Gemma free-tier figures. On OpenRouter's shared
  pool the account daily cap of 50 binds first and these never fire. With your own
  provider key they ARE the ceiling. One set of numbers, correct either way, because
  the account layer handles the first case and the route layer the second.

  New: OPENROUTER_ROUTE_REQUESTS_PER_MINUTE=15, OPENROUTER_ROUTE_REQUESTS_PER_DAY=1500.

STILL THE OPERATOR'S CALL
  None of this raises a provider cap. A key at openrouter.ai/settings/integrations
  moves these models off OpenRouter's shared pool and onto your own Google quota,
  which is what the 429s were asking for. If you add one, raise
  OPENROUTER_MAX_REQUESTS_PER_DAY too - at 1500 per route the account default of 50
  becomes the binding constraint.

Tests: 9 new. Seven mutations proved them load-bearing: the route check removed, one
shared window instead of per-route, a capped route counted as a failure, each ceiling
ignored in turn, drifted defaults, and a mis-reported binding ceiling.

Suite baseline-diffed against v0.19.14: 527 tests vs 289, zero new failures, one fewer
pre-existing error.

NOTE: contains v0.19.15 through v0.19.23.


v0.19.23 is SPLIT STAGE 2: /family moves out of main.py into
app/bot/commands/family.py. Behaviour is unchanged - this is a move.

  main.py     12786 lines (was 13177 before stage 1)
  runtime.py    340
  family.py     600   14 leaf commands, the group, and one helper

STAGE 1 COST TWO FAILED DEPLOYS. BOTH SHAPED THIS ONE.
  v0.19.12: a module-level name used above its assignment (DB built from ROOT
  before ROOT existed). Everything moved here is a function or a literal, kept in
  its original order, and DefinitionOrderTests covers the new module.

  v0.19.13: NameError: name 'app_commands' is not defined. functools.wraps cannot
  copy __globals__, so a callback wrapped by a decorator from another module
  carries THAT module's namespace - and discord.py evaluates annotation STRINGS
  against it. That is live here: EIGHT of the 14 family handlers are wrapped by
  serialized_user_action, and the import check confirms their callbacks carry
  app.bot.runtime's globals, not family.py's:

    birth_family_child        callback globals = app.bot.runtime
    birth_family_leave        callback globals = app.bot.runtime
    ... 6 more ...
    birth_family_view         callback globals = app.bot.commands.family

  Every annotation they use - discord.Interaction, app_commands.Choice[str],
  app_commands.Range[int, 1, 20], int, str - resolves in runtime.py. Checked
  explicitly, not assumed.

THE DEPENDENCY FOOTPRINT WAS MEASURED, NOT GUESSED
  23 free names in the block: 8 already in runtime.py, 7 ordinary package
  imports, 8 defined in main.py. The last group is the only interesting one:

    family_group                        -> moves to family.py; main imports it
    _current_birth_family               -> used ONLY by /family; moves with it
    CHILD_CULTIVATION_AWAKENING_AGE     -> used ONLY by /family; moves with it
    GENDER_CHOICES                      -> also used by /begin and the admin
                                           override, so it moves to runtime.py
                                           rather than being duplicated
    SIM (31 other uses in main)         -> stays; imported inside the one
    _get_thread (5)                        function that needs each
    ensure_birth_family_household_thread (3)
    open_expedition_thread_after_exit (3)

  Those last four are imported INSIDE the function bodies on purpose. A
  module-level "from ..main import" would be a genuine cycle; a call-time import
  runs long after main.py has finished importing. There are exactly four, one use
  each, and a test asserts both the list and that they are not at module level.

  Proof that the distinction is real, not stylistic: promoting one of them to a
  module-level import reproduces

    ImportError: cannot import name 'SIM' from partially initialized module
    'app.bot.main' (most likely due to a circular import)

  in the stub-import harness. Two independent guards - the harness and the test.

A TEST CAUGHT THE MOVE, FOR THE WRONG REASON
  test_private_location_exits went red: it scanned main.py only, so when
  birth_family_leave moved it concluded /family had stopped opening the expedition
  journal. The code was fine; the test's scope was stale.

  That is the exact mistake documented at the top of
  test_player_facing_command_hints.py ("a check anchored to one file would quietly
  stop covering them the moment they move") - which I wrote, and then repeated two
  releases later. Both that test and the engine-result-key boundary scan now read
  the whole app/bot package, so the next stage cannot silently drop coverage.

Tests: 9 new. Five mutations proved them load-bearing: a module-level main import,
a promoted deferred import, a duplicated GENDER_CHOICES, a stale group left in
main, and a handler left behind.

Suite baseline-diffed against v0.19.14: 518 tests vs 289, zero new failures, one
fewer pre-existing error.

NOTE: contains v0.19.15 through v0.19.22.


v0.19.22 makes the expedition journal appear when you step back out into the world,
instead of whenever you next happen to run /explore.

THE REPORT
  Arceus, before the GUI work: leave the birth household, and there is no personal
  thread. It only appeared later, after exploring. The exit worked and the location was
  right - the room a player's own scenes get written into simply did not exist yet.

  This was queued and then genuinely forgotten while other reports came in. It was not a
  regression; it had never worked.

IT WAS THREE HANDLERS, NOT ONE
  PRIVATE_LOCATION_EXITS lists four private locations and the command that steps out of
  each: birth household, sect residence, own property, personal world. All of them land
  the player back in the shared world, so all of them need the journal. Only the family
  one was reported. NONE of the three handlers had it:

    /family -> Leave       birth_family_leave    (11126)
    /abode  -> Leave       abode_leave           (10035)  - covers abode: and sect_abode:
    /innerworld -> Leave   innerworld_leave      (10208)

  One shared helper now runs at the end of each.

THREE DELIBERATE CHOICES IN THAT HELPER
  1. THE CHARACTER IS RE-READ. Every caller fetched its copy BEFORE the engine moved
     them, so reusing it would stamp the journal with the household they just walked out
     of - the exact stale-snapshot bug fixed in the Scene Action panel in v0.19.18.
  2. IF THEY ARE STILL IN A PRIVATE LOCATION, nothing opens. That exit stepped into
     another private place and the world journal is not the right room yet.
  3. IT RUNS AFTER THE CONFIRMATION AND NEVER RAISES. The exit is already committed
     canonically at that point; a thread that cannot be created is worth a quiet log,
     not a failed action or a stalled interaction. The test enforces the ordering.

TEST DERIVES ITS OWN SCOPE
  The new contract test reads PRIVATE_LOCATION_EXITS and checks the leave handler behind
  each entry, rather than naming the three by hand. A fifth private location added
  without wiring its exit fails here instead of in a player's face.

  One test bug found and fixed while writing it: the ordering check first measured the
  FIRST reply in each handler, which is always the GameEngineError branch - so it passed
  no matter where the helper sat. It now measures the LAST reply, and a mutation moving
  the helper before the confirmation is correctly caught.

Tests: 8 new. Seven mutations proved each part is load-bearing: each of the three
handlers dropping the call, the stale-character reuse, the private-location guard, the
never-raises guard, and the ordering.

Suite baseline-diffed against v0.19.14: 509 tests vs 289, zero new failures, one fewer
pre-existing error.

NOTE: contains v0.19.15 through v0.19.21.


v0.19.21 fixes the equipment dead end a player hit while holding the sword he had just
bought, and the wrong command path a new test then found sitting in shipped copy.

THE DEAD END
  Arceus: carried Spirit-Iron Sword x1. Clicked Equip. Got:

    "Equip has no available equipment id options right now."

  That message was TRUE and USELESS. Equip operates on BOUND equipment; the sword was
  still a carried item. The real answer was "run Bind first" - which the panel had no way
  to say.

  Worse, Bind could not be run either. v0.19.17 gave Equip, Unequip and Repair live
  option pickers, but BIND - the first rung of the ladder, the one that creates bound
  equipment in the first place - still had no option provider at all, so it opened a text
  box asking the player to type an internal item id like "spirit_iron_sword". The whole
  chain was unreachable through the GUI:

    Bind asks for a typed id -> nothing gets bound -> Equip is permanently empty ->
    the empty message does not mention Bind.

  Bind now lists the carried items that are ACTUALLY equipment (present in
  EQUIPMENT_DEFINITIONS - a Spirit Herb is not offered), with quantity, slot, stat
  bonuses and durability.

EVERY EMPTY PICKER NOW NAMES THE PREREQUISITE
  New register_hub_option_hint() in hubs.py, so an empty live picker can explain itself
  instead of stating a fact the player cannot act on. All four equipment actions use it:
  Bind points at Market/Craft, Equip points at Bind, Unequip says nothing is equipped,
  Repair points at Bind.

A NEW TEST IMMEDIATELY FOUND SHIPPED COPY POINTING AT A COMMAND THAT DOES NOT EXIST
  Writing those hints, I got a page label wrong myself - "/economy -> Market -> Buy" when
  the page is called "Local Market". The existing hint test only catches the arrow-LESS
  form ("/family leave"); a wrong label after an arrow looks correct to a reviewer and is
  a dead end to a player.

  So the test now validates every "/hub -> Page -> ..." reference against the real hub
  definitions. It caught my mistake, and one that had already shipped:

    "You may use **/sect -> Shadow / Special -> Accept Initiation**"

  /sect has three pages - Sect, Territory, War - and no action called Accept Initiation.
  The real path is /sect -> Sect -> Shadow, then choose "Accept initiation". That text
  sits at the hidden-sect initiation gate: exactly where a player who has finally met a
  karma requirement goes looking. Fixed.

ONE PRE-EXISTING TEST ERROR REMOVED
  Both hint tests parse every bot module with ast. main.py uses a PEP 701 f-string that
  Python 3.11 cannot parse, so the older test ERRORED on 3.11 (it is in the 14 baseline
  errors). Both now skip what the running interpreter cannot parse, assert that something
  WAS parsed so the scan can never go silently empty, and still re-raise on 3.12 - the
  interpreter the bot actually ships on, per the Dockerfile. Baseline errors on 3.11:
  14 -> 13.

Tests: 5 new plus the arrow-path validator. Six mutations proved each fix is
load-bearing: the bind provider, bind offering non-equipment, each empty hint, and a
wrong page label in a hint.

Suite baseline-diffed against v0.19.14: 501 tests vs 289, zero new failures, and one
FEWER pre-existing error.

NOTE: contains v0.19.15 through v0.19.20.


v0.19.20 acts on what the new ai_status panel found in production: a 90.9% procedural
fallback rate, and TWO different failures that had been wearing the same label.

WHAT THE PANEL SHOWED
  11 narration requests, 1 served by AI, 10 procedural fallbacks.
  Local limiter: granted 15, refused 0 - so OUR ceiling never fired once. Every 429 came
  from OpenRouter's shared free pool.

  1. Both Gemma routes: 429 "temporarily rate-limited upstream", 4 failures each, and
     "skipped while cooling 6" each - our blanket 60s cooldown turning a transient
     provider blip into a minute of procedural prose.
  2. openrouter/free: 6 attempts, ZERO successes, and its error was not a 429 at all -
     "ValueError: AI provider returned an empty response". A last-resort route that had
     never once worked.

THE ARITHMETIC NOBODY WAS TRACKING
  OpenRouter's free tier is 20 requests/MINUTE and 50 requests/DAY under $10 of lifetime
  credits (1000/day at $10 or more). Only the per-minute half was ever tracked.

  11 narrations cost 15 upstream attempts, because every failed route walks to the next
  one and each walk spends a daily slot. That is 30% of a 50/day allowance for eleven
  narrations, nine of which produced nothing.

WHY openrouter/free RETURNS NOTHING
  It is a RANDOM ROUTER over the free model pool, and that pool is now largely reasoning
  models. Routine narration asks for 165-190 max_tokens. A reasoning model given 180
  tokens spends all of them on reasoning and returns EMPTY content, with the text - if
  any - in a separate reasoning field this code never read.

  Two fixes, in that order of importance:
    - The dynamic route now gets at least 700 output tokens, so content can exist.
    - If content is STILL empty, prose is salvaged from the reasoning field.

  Salvage is guarded. Raw chain-of-thought starting "Okay, the user wants a marsh
  description. Let me set the scene." is WORSE than the deterministic procedural
  fallback, so reasoning text that reads as scratchpad is discarded and the chain moves
  on. This is judgement, not a rule Discord enforces, and it is tested both ways.

RETRY-AFTER INSTEAD OF A GUESS
  OpenRouter sends a Retry-After header when a provider offers a retry hint. The router
  now uses it (clamped to 300s) and falls back to the old multiplier only when no hint is
  given. A 3-second hint no longer parks a route for 60.

DAILY BUDGET: TRACK AND STOP
  New OPENROUTER_MAX_REQUESTS_PER_DAY, default 50 - the real free-tier floor. Once spent,
  the router refuses locally with a named error instead of walking three routes to
  discover the same thing three times. ai_status shows a usage bar and, when spent, says
  exactly what to do.

  This counter is a COST SAVER, NOT AN AUTHORITY: it lives in memory and resets on
  restart, while the real limit does not. Upstream stays the source of truth.

ai_status NOW DISTINGUISHES
  - daily budget used/remaining, with a bar and an 80% warning
  - "NEVER SUCCEEDED" on any route with attempts but no successes
  - empty replies counted separately from failures, and how many were recovered

TWO THINGS ONLY THE OPERATOR CAN DO - both bigger than anything above
  1. Put $10 of credits on the OpenRouter account: 50/day -> 1000/day. Then set
     OPENROUTER_MAX_REQUESTS_PER_DAY=1000.
  2. Add a provider key at https://openrouter.ai/settings/integrations - the 429 message
     says so itself. A Google AI Studio key routes the Gemma models through your own
     Google quota instead of OpenRouter's shared pool, and Google AI Studio has its own
     free tier.

NOTHING WAS EVER BROKEN. Canonical mechanics resolved, players got deterministic prose,
no error reached anyone. This is a quality degradation - exactly the failure ai_status
exists to make visible, and it was invisible until v0.19.15 shipped.

Tests: 23 new. Eight mutations proved each fix is load-bearing: the daily cap, the
Retry-After read, its clamp, reading the reasoning field, the scratchpad guard, the token
bump, empty-response counting, and the never-succeeded flag.

Suite baseline-diffed against v0.19.14: 496 tests vs 289, zero new failures.

NOTE: contains v0.19.15 through v0.19.19, including the v0.19.19 security fix.


v0.19.19 closes an unauthenticated denial-of-service in both hand-rolled HTTP listeners.
SECURITY FIX - deploy this one.

THE REPORT WAS CORRECT, AND THE HOLE WAS WIDER THAN FOUR MISSING LIMITS
  app/health.py and app/dashboard.py both parse HTTP with a loop of
  "await asyncio.wait_for(reader.readline(), timeout=N)". There was a timeout per line
  and nothing else. Missing: max request-line bytes, max header count, max cumulative
  header bytes, absolute header deadline. All four confirmed.

  Two things make it worse than the list suggests:

  1. EVERY BYTE OF THIS RUNS BEFORE AUTHENTICATION. On the dashboard the header loop
     completes before _authorized() is ever called, so no credential is needed.

  2. IT IS TWO ATTACKS, NOT ONE.
       - Slow: the per-line timeout RESETS on every line. One header just under the
         limit (1.9s on health, 4.9s on the dashboard) holds a connection open forever.
       - Fast: headers[key] = value grows a dict with no cap. Distinct short header
         names are a memory-exhaustion vector that has nothing to do with holding
         connections. Only bounded by asyncio's DEFAULT 64 KiB stream limit per line -
         an accident of the library, not a decision.

  A fifth gap sat underneath both: neither server capped concurrent connections, so
  everything above multiplied by however many sockets were opened. And an oversized line
  raised ValueError out of readline() into "except Exception: log.exception(...)",
  writing a stack trace per line - the same attack amplified into log flooding.

DEMONSTRATED, NOT ASSUMED
  The pre-fix v0.19.18 health server was run on a real socket and fed one header every
  1.5 seconds:

    VULNERABLE: held open 15.0s, 10 header lines sent, no response, connection still live

  The same script against this build:

    server answered after 10.0s: HTTP/1.1 408 Request Timeout {"error":"header_timeout"}

WHAT CHANGED
  New app/http_limits.py, shared by both servers:
    - max_request_line_bytes  (8192)   -> 414 URI Too Long
    - max_header_lines        (100)    -> 431 Request Header Fields Too Large
    - max_header_bytes        (16384)  -> 431
    - header_deadline_seconds (10)     -> 408 Request Timeout  <- kills the slow attack
    - line_timeout_seconds    (5)      -> 408
    - max_connections         (64)     -> 503 too_many_connections
  Each read gets whichever is smaller, the per-line timeout or the time left on the whole
  head. That is the part a resetting timeout could never do.

  Also: asyncio's stream limit is now STATED (131072) rather than inherited. It is
  deliberately ABOVE the 65536 request-body cap - lowering it to bound header lines
  directly would deadlock readexactly() for bodies, because _maybe_resume_transport
  refuses to resume while the buffer exceeds the limit. Cumulative bytes are therefore
  checked AFTER each line, so one line can overshoot by at most the stream limit. That
  is bounded, and it is the cheaper correct answer.

  Rejections now answer a real status line. Before, a rejected request went out as
  "HTTP/1.1 408 OK" because the reason map had no entry for it and defaulted to OK.

  Six new env knobs, same names on both servers: HTTP_MAX_REQUEST_LINE_BYTES,
  HTTP_MAX_HEADER_LINES, HTTP_MAX_HEADER_BYTES, HTTP_HEADER_DEADLINE_SECONDS,
  HTTP_HEADER_LINE_TIMEOUT_SECONDS, HTTP_MAX_CONNECTIONS. Defaults are generous for a
  browser (Chrome sends ~15 headers, 1-2 KiB) and mean for an attacker.

EXPOSURE, FOR SIZING THE URGENCY
  The dashboard publishes to ${DASHBOARD_BIND_ADDRESS:-127.0.0.1}:8090, so by default it
  is loopback-only on the NAS. If you have set DASHBOARD_BIND_ADDRESS=0.0.0.0 to reach it
  from a laptop, this was reachable unauthenticated from your whole LAN. The health
  listener binds 0.0.0.0 inside the container and is not published, so it was reachable
  from other containers on the compose network.

Tests: 48 new (24 unit, 5 socket-level integration, 19 contract incl. existing).
The integration tests start the REAL HealthServer on a real port and dribble headers at
it. Eight mutations proved every limit is load-bearing: the absolute deadline, the header
count cap, the cumulative byte cap, the request-line cap, the ValueError mapping, the
connection cap, releasing the slot in finally, and the explicit stream limit.

Suite baseline-diffed against v0.19.14: 473 tests vs 289, zero new failures, identical
pre-existing sandbox errors.

NOTE: contains v0.19.15 through v0.19.18.


v0.19.18 rebuilds the Scene Action panel: no dropdowns, and it follows the player when
they travel.

"SCENE ACTION STILL HAVE A DROP-DOWN MENU"
  Correct, and it was a rollout gap rather than a decision. The 17 command hubs moved to
  the Components V2 action-list layout in v0.19.5-v0.19.7. The Scene Action panel is not
  a hub, so nothing carried it along and it kept both dropdowns - "Choose what you are
  trying to do" and "Choose a target" - the exact shape that redesign existed to remove.

  Both are now buttons. Eight action buttons across two rows with the selected one
  highlighted, then target buttons (Environment, Self, and everyone present), then
  Describe & Resolve and Refresh. Target lists longer than ten page with a More targets
  button.

  NO SELECT MENUS ANYWHERE IN IT, deliberately: a Select nested inside a V2 Container has
  no precedent in this codebase - HubLayoutSystemSelect was deleted rather than kept - and
  cannot be exercised in the build sandbox. Everything here uses only patterns the 17 hubs
  already prove in production.

"SCENE ACTION NEED TO TRAVEL WITH THE PLAYER"
  The old panel snapshotted character, location and the NPC/player target list at
  construction and never looked again. _resolve_scene_action DOES re-read the character
  and rejects a target who is no longer present - so a player who travelled could still
  pick a stale NPC off the panel and only find out AFTER writing their attempt into the
  modal, with the panel still showing the location they had left.

  Every interaction now re-reads the scene first. Travel updates the location line and
  says so. A target who is no longer present is reset to Environment with a note, rather
  than being left selected to fail later. Describe & Resolve re-checks before opening the
  modal, so nobody types a paragraph about a scene they are not in. Panel lifetime went
  from 5 to 15 minutes, which is only reasonable now that it stays current.

THE PANEL MOVED TO ITS OWN MODULE
  app/bot/scene_layout.py imports discord and NOTHING else from the project - everything
  game-specific is injected from main.py. That is what lets the whole component tree be
  built and counted in a sandbox with no discord.py installed. Discord's 40-component
  limit counts nested components, so a panel that looks fine in source is rejected at
  send time; measured worst case here is 33/40 with 30 people in the scene. Before this,
  that limit could only have been discovered by a player hitting it.

  tests/support.py gained install_discord_ui_shim(), which NO-OPS when real discord.py is
  present - so the same tests exercise the real library on a machine that has it.

Tests: 41 new (27 unit, 14 contract). Seven mutations proved they fail without their
fixes: a stale target left selected after travel, reload dropped from refresh, resolve
skipping the reload check, the travel notice suppressed, a row overflowing five buttons,
a player id shown instead of a name, and a Select creeping back into the panel.

One pre-existing assertion in test_gui_integrity was updated: it checked that the event
thread's Scene Action button pre-selects its action by looking for
"view.action_key = default_action". That is now passed into the factory as
action_key=default_action - same intent, new shape.

Suite baseline-diffed against v0.19.14: 436 tests vs 289, zero new failures, identical
pre-existing sandbox errors.

NOTE: v0.19.18 contains everything from v0.19.15 (chat monitor), v0.19.16 (openai 3.7.0)
and v0.19.17 (the trade and equipment fixes).


v0.19.17 fixes the two bugs Arceus found on the test server, and the four that were
sitting next to them.

BUG 1 - "Bought Spirit-Iron Sword x1 for 0 stones" while the wallet WAS debited.
  Not a wallet bug. The Go engine returns the charge under the key "total". Every
  Python trade handler read result.get("total_price", 0) - a key the engine has never
  returned - and the DEFAULT turned a missing key into a specific, confident, wrong
  number about someone's money.

  It was in all FOUR trade handlers, not one: market buy, market sell, black market buy,
  black market sell. Only buy was ever reported, because "you paid 0" reads as free money
  while "you were paid 0" reads as a balance bug and gets shrugged off.

  Receipts now go through app/trade_receipt.py, whose rule is: A PRICE THAT IS NOT
  PRESENT IS REPORTED AS MISSING, NEVER AS ZERO. A real zero still prints as zero - a
  free trade is a fact. A missing total prints a warning telling the player to check
  their balance and report it. Receipts also now name the actual currency (the engine
  returns currency_id; the message said "stones" regardless), show the balance after the
  trade, show unit price on multi-buys, and say so when a black-market trade was
  DETECTED - which the engine has always returned and the player was never told.

  THE WHOLE BOUNDARY WAS THEN AUDITED. A new contract test parses the Go dispatch
  switches, maps each action to its handler, transitively collects every string that
  handler and its helpers can use as a result key, and compares that to every
  result.get("...") in the matching Python handler. Across ~180 actions the ONLY
  mismatch was total_price, in those four handlers. That test now runs in the suite, so
  the next mismatch fails a build instead of lying to a player.

BUG 2 - Equip opened a form asking for an "Equipment Id" that was never shown.
  That is what the hub does when a parameter has no option provider: it falls back to a
  text modal and asks the player to type the value. equipment_id is a plain int with no
  autocomplete, so Equip, Unequip AND Repair were all asking players to type a database
  row id.

  All three now offer live dropdowns of the player's own equipment, showing name, slot,
  durability and quality. Equip lists only unequipped items; Unequip only equipped ones;
  Repair lists everything, most damaged first. Confirmations name the item instead of
  saying "Equipped item #7".

  These are registered through the hub's own provider registry rather than discord.py
  autocomplete, deliberately: /equipment is not typable - it is reachable only through
  the /items hub - so the hub is the only consumer, and this keeps the change entirely
  inside code the build sandbox can exercise.

Tests: 33 new (22 unit for the receipt, 11 contract for the boundary and the hub wiring).
Six mutations proved they fail without their fixes - including RESTORING THE ORIGINAL
BUG VERBATIM, which fails three of the new tests. Suite baseline-diffed against v0.19.14:
395 tests vs 289, zero new failures, identical pre-existing sandbox errors.

NOTE: v0.19.17 includes the v0.19.16 openai 3.7.0 bump. If you have not deployed 0.19.16
yet and want the pin change isolated, deploy 0.19.16 first. Rollback for the dependency
bump is still v0.19.15.


v0.19.16 is a DEPENDENCY BUMP AND NOTHING ELSE: openai 2.52.1 -> 3.7.0. It is shipped on
its own precisely so that if the container fails to start, the cause is unambiguous.
Rollback is v0.19.15, which pins openai==2.52.1 and is otherwise identical.

WHAT 3.x CHANGES
  openai 3.0.0 replaced httpx with HTTPX2 as its HTTP client. Per the project's own
  httpx2.md: "If you construct an OpenAI or AsyncOpenAI client without providing
  http_client, your existing API calls, parsed response models, streaming APIs,
  authentication, retries, and numeric timeouts continue to work."

  This build never passes http_client. The entire openai surface in this codebase is five
  lines: AsyncOpenAI(...) in ai_router.py and narrator.py, chat.completions.create,
  responses.create, and output_text. A contract test now asserts http_client appears in
  neither module, because that condition is the whole basis for calling the bump safe.

  httpx: openai 3.x installs httpx2 and NO LONGER INSTALLS httpx. app/database/remote.py
  and app/game_engine.py import httpx directly for the Go engine transport - the path
  every piece of game state travels. That survives only because requirements.txt pins
  httpx>=0.28,<1 itself rather than relying on openai's transitive install. httpx2 is a
  separate package name, not httpx 2.x, so the two coexist with no version conflict. A
  contract test now pins that invariant down.

THE REAL RISK, AND WHAT WAS DONE ABOUT IT
  HTTPX2 verifies certificates against the OPERATING SYSTEM trust store instead of the
  certifi bundle httpx 0.x used. On python:3.12-slim that store is whatever
  ca-certificates provides.

  If it were missing, every OpenRouter call would fail with a TLS error - and NOTHING
  WOULD RAISE. Narration is descriptive only; canonical mechanics resolve before it runs,
  so a total failure just returns procedural prose. Players notice the writing going flat.
  No log says why. That is the worst shape a failure can have.

  Two defences:
    1. The Dockerfile now installs ca-certificates, runs update-ca-certificates, asserts
       the bundle is non-empty with `test -s`, and sets SSL_CERT_FILE to it - all BEFORE
       pip install. A missing bundle is now a loud build failure, not a silent runtime
       one. go_core/Dockerfile already did this; the Python image did not.
    2. The router now classifies TLS/certificate failures by walking the exception cause
       chain (the openai client wraps transport errors, so an SSLError is never the
       outermost exception). It counts them, flags the offending route, logs once at
       ERROR level with the remediation, and /admin -> Server -> ai_status prints a
       loud banner. The failure is now named rather than invisible.

HONEST LIMITS OF THIS VERIFICATION
  The build sandbox has no PyPI access, so openai 3.7.0 could not be installed, imported,
  or called even once here. The stub-import harness STUBS the openai module, so it would
  pass green regardless and proves nothing about this change. Everything above is a traced
  read of the published migration note against this codebase's five call sites, plus
  defences for the one runtime failure mode that reading identified.

  Also: 3.7.0 is the version supplied by the operator. PyPI's JSON API, the GitHub tags
  page and the releases Atom feed are all robots-blocked to this build environment, and
  the releases page returned inconsistent partial views across fetches, so the release
  date and the existence of 3.7.0 specifically could not be independently confirmed.
  v3.0.0 WAS confirmed to exist. If 3.7.0 does not exist, pip fails during docker build
  and update.sh rolls back before anything is deployed - a safe failure mode.

WATCH AFTER DEPLOY
  Run /admin -> Server -> ai_status. If it shows a TLS banner or a non-zero procedural
  fallback rate that was not there on 0.19.15, roll back to 0.19.15.

Tests: 16 new (8 unit TLS-detection, 5 contract for the bump, plus 3 supporting). Eight
mutations proved they fail without their fixes: the cause-chain walk, the TLS counter, the
loud log, the per-model TLS flag, the Dockerfile CA assertion, the openai 3.x pin, the
explicit httpx pin, and CA-install ordering before pip. Suite baseline-diffed against
v0.19.15: zero new failures.


v0.19.15 adds the administrator AI monitor: narrator/route health counters, and a chat
digest that reads a channel's real Discord history and reports what players are doing.

WHY THE BOT COULD NOT ALREADY DO THIS
  scene_history is not a chat log. Database.add_history hard-deletes everything past the
  newest 60 rows PER CHANNEL on every insert - its job is to feed the narrator a rolling
  context window, not to archive play. "Analyse everything in the channel" therefore has
  to read Discord's own message history, which nothing in the codebase did: there was no
  channel.history() call anywhere in app/.

  It also could not READ that history. MESSAGE_CONTENT_INTENT was false, so Discord
  returns empty content for every message the bot was not mentioned in. This release
  ships .env / .env.example with MESSAGE_CONTENT_INTENT=true, but that alone is not
  enough: Message Content Intent must ALSO be enabled in the Discord Developer Portal
  under Bot -> Privileged Gateway Intents. Under 100 servers this needs no verification,
  just the toggle. If it is off, the digest says so explicitly instead of quietly
  reporting an empty channel.

  Turning the intent on also wakes the existing on_message path: the bot begins writing
  RP messages into scene_history, and replies "Create your cultivator first with /begin"
  to anyone who @-mentions it without a character. AUTO_NARRATE and
  AUTO_NARRATE_EVENT_THREADS remain false, so it does not start narrating on its own.

NEW ADMIN ACTIONS (both under /admin -> Server; neither is a typable command)
  ai_status     Narrator health: how many narrations were served by AI vs silently
                fell back to procedural prose, the per-route attempt/success/failure
                counts, which routes are cooling down and why, and how often the local
                20/min ceiling refused a request. A silent procedural fallback is the
                failure players notice ("the narration went flat") and operators do not,
                because nothing errors - this makes it visible.
  chat_digest   Reads a channel (optionally its threads) over a configurable window and
                reports what players did, where they got stuck, possible bugs, mood, and
                what deserves attention. Options: channel, hours, include_threads.

COST: ZERO. Fusion (OpenRouter's openrouter:fusion server tool) was evaluated and
deliberately NOT used. Fusion fans a prompt out to a panel of 1-8 models and bills for
every one of them; this build keeps OPENROUTER_REQUIRE_FREE=true and routes the monitor
through the SAME AITaskRouter free chain as narration, so the monitor cannot start
spending money. A contract test asserts chat_monitor.py contains no client, no base URL,
no model string and no "openrouter:fusion" anywhere in the tree. The cost of that choice
is a small context window, which is why the transcript is chunked and analysed
map-reduce style rather than in one shot.

TWO SAFETY PROPERTIES WORTH KNOWING
  1. The transcript is untrusted input. It is player-authored text going into a model
     prompt, so it is fenced, the system prompt states that fenced content is data and
     never instructions, and a player who types the closing fence themselves has it
     neutralised - otherwise the rest of their message escapes the fence and is read as
     prompt text.
  2. The player-facing prompt-leak guard is now opt-out, and only the monitor opts out.
     That guard rejects model output containing "game engine", "system prompt" and
     similar, so players are never shown implementation detail. A bug digest has to be
     able to say "the game engine returned an error", and is only ever shown to someone
     who already holds administrator on the guild. generate() defaults to leak_guard=True
     and narrator.py never passes the flag at all; a contract test asserts chat_monitor.py
     is the only file in app/ that sets leak_guard=False.

EVERY AI FAILURE DEGRADES, NEVER RAISES. If a chunk fails, the rest still report. If the
synthesis fails, the part notes are shown. If every route fails, or the router is not
configured, the deterministic counts (messages, humans vs bots, per-author, per-channel,
time span) are still returned - that half of the report never needs a model.

New settings, all bounded in config.py: MONITOR_MAX_MESSAGES (400), MONITOR_LOOKBACK_HOURS
(24), MONITOR_CHUNK_CHARS (6000), MONITOR_MAX_CHUNKS (6). The ceilings exist because the
monitor shares the narrator's 20 req/min limiter - an unbounded transcript would starve
narration for a whole minute.

Tests: 59 new (47 unit, 12 contract). Eight independent mutations were applied to prove
the new tests fail without their fixes: the leak-guard split, limiter counters, route
attempt counters, the cooling-skip counter, fence neutralisation, newest-chunks-kept,
degrade-not-raise, and the monitor's own leak_guard=False. The full suite was baseline-
diffed against a pristine v0.19.14 extract: same 27 pre-existing sandbox loader errors on
both, zero new failures. The v0.19.14 stub-import harness was re-run and the whole package,
including both new command callbacks and their annotations, imports clean.


v0.19.14 fixes the SECOND split-stage-1 failure. v0.19.13 fixed the ordering bug and still
did not start:

  NameError: name 'app_commands' is not defined

main.py imports app_commands on line 13, but that is not the namespace being searched.
serialized_user_action moved to runtime.py in v0.19.12 and wraps 119 command callbacks;
functools.wraps cannot copy __globals__, so discord.py receives callbacks carrying
runtime.py's globals. main.py uses `from __future__ import annotations`, so
`target: app_commands.Choice[str]` arrives as a STRING that discord.py evals against those
globals. The import had been there - a static "unused imports" cleanup removed it, because
nothing in runtime.py's own code uses it.

RULE: a module defining a wrapping decorator must import every name used in the ANNOTATIONS
of the functions it decorates, not just the names its own code runs. runtime.py imports
app_commands again, under a comment saying so, and a new test enforces it across the package.

Verification is now much stronger: a stub discord module lets the whole package be IMPORTED
in the build sandbox, and the stub reproduces discord.py's annotation resolution. Importing
the v0.19.13 tree under it reproduces the production NameError exactly; this tree imports
clean.

v0.19.13 fixes the split-stage-1 bug that stopped v0.19.12 starting.

runtime.py built DB with `Database(ROOT / ...)` ABOVE the line that assigns ROOT, so the bot
raised NameError at import and never came up. The updater rolled back on its own and restored
the database - it behaved correctly, it just should not have had to.

Cause: the extraction ran in three passes and the follow-up passes inserted definitions at a
marker instead of restoring their original position. Module-level code runs top-down, so
position is semantics. runtime.py is now regenerated from the pre-split main.py in original
line order, so ordering is correct by construction.

The static check that passed anyway proved every name resolves SOMEWHERE in the module; it
never asked whether the name is assigned YET at the point of use. A new DefinitionOrderTests
walks module-level statements in order and fails on use-before-assignment; reinstating the
bad ordering makes it name both offending lines.

Not the cause: v0.19.11's non-root container drop landed in the same jump (0.19.6 -> 0.19.12)
but is not implicated - the failure was a Python NameError, and xianxia-db-init, same image
and same user, exited cleanly first.

v0.19.12 begins the main.py decomposition documented since v0.15. Stage 1 of several, each
shipped separately so a failure is attributable.

- NEW app/bot/runtime.py (323 lines): the shared singletons (SETTINGS, DB, ENGINE, WORLD,
  ROOT, log) and the session helpers every command needs (require_character, reply_long,
  serialized_user_action, current_world_time, character_location_display, the per-user
  action lock, the private-location exit table). main.py goes 13,177 -> 12,923 lines.
- No behaviour change. Nothing was rewritten, only relocated. No command moved yet.
- runtime.py imports nothing from main.py - that is what makes the later stages possible,
  and a test asserts it.
- Verification uses symtable scope analysis to prove every module resolves every name it
  reads, because this sandbox cannot import main.py (no discord.py). It caught three names
  left behind on the first cut (ROOT, _player_property_types, WORLD), each of which would
  have been a NameError at import and a dead bot on deploy.

WATCH ON FIRST START: this is a code-movement release validated statically, not by running
the bot. If it fails to start, docker compose logs xianxia-bot will show a NameError or
ImportError naming the symbol, and that is the whole diagnosis.

v0.19.11 orders hub actions by relevance instead of alphabetically, and answers an external
review of v0.19.7.

- Actions sort into bands - orienting (status/view/history), primary (enter/leave/join/
  create), everything else alphabetical, irreversible last (sever/disband/reset). /family's
  "Leave" was tenth of fourteen and sat on the second chunk while the onboarding copy told
  new players to use it; it is now fifth and visible. This is a different axis from button
  colour: "Leave" stays red but sorts high, "Sever" is red AND rare so it sorts last.
- REJECTED from the review: the claim that Components V2 allows only 30 components and the
  action limit must drop to 8 -> 6. The limit is 40, confirmed against Discord's Component
  Reference, discord.py's own view.py, and the discord.js guide. v0.19.10 stands as shipped.
- FIXED: first-run setup told you to fill in three secrets, then failed on a fourth
  (DASHBOARD_TOKEN) that .env.example requires by default. The message now names it and
  gives the command to generate one.
- FIXED: DASHBOARD_ENABLED=yes started the dashboard but suppressed its log-command hint,
  because acceptance and reporting used different comparisons.
- FIXED: the Python containers (bot, db-init, dashboard) ran as root while the Go engine
  dropped to uid 10001. They now run as 10001 too. Watch the first start after upgrading:
  this is the one change here that a container can fail on, though the data directory the
  code unconditionally creates is pre-made and chowned in the image for exactly that reason.

v0.19.10 rolls the Components V2 layout out to EVERY hub - all 16 player hubs and /admin -
in four staged groups (simple multi-page, then single-page, then chunking, then admin last).
Staging paid for itself: /admin needed a code change first. The classic panel re-checks the
administrator permission on every interaction, not just at invoke, and the layout view only
checked ownership - so an admin whose role was removed while their panel was open would have
kept a working GM console for 15 minutes. That guard is ported and both views now deny
identically. Every hub, page and action chunk was rendered through the real view code:
worst case 36/40 components (/admin and /sect). Rollback is one line - remove a hub name
from LAYOUT_HUB_NAMES and it returns to the classic panel.

Known, not fixed: /family sorts actions alphabetically, so "Leave" is 10th of 14 and sits on
the second chunk - a new player following the onboarding copy must press "More actions" to
find it. Ordering actions by relevance affects every hub and both panels, so it is left as a
deliberate decision rather than slipped into this release.

v0.19.9 fixes the release integrity check, which refused good packages on QNAP hardware.
--quiet and --strict are GNU coreutils flags; BusyBox rejects them, so the check exited
non-zero without ever verifying anything and reported "the package does not match its own
manifest". Only -c is portable and that is all it uses now.

IMPORTANT - this one is self-blocking. The updater that runs is the INSTALLED one, so a
fixed update.sh inside this archive cannot fix the installation attempting to use it. If
you are on v0.19.6, v0.19.7 or v0.19.8, patch your installed updater once, first:

    cd /path/to/bot
    sed -i 's/ -c --quiet --strict / -c /; s/ -c --quiet / -c /' update.sh
    sh -n update.sh && ./update.sh --install

After v0.19.9 is installed the corrected updater is in place and no further patching is
needed.

v0.19.8 fixes onboarding copy that pointed at commands players cannot type. Only the 21
registered slash commands exist to type - the 16 hubs plus /begin, /me, /quests, /action,
/check and /admin - so "/family leave" was a dead end, and it had shipped in both places a
stuck player looks: the birth-household thread opener and the blocked-exploration hint. All
six occurrences now read "/family -> Leave", the household and expedition openers lead with
how to get out instead of burying it, the expedition journal is location-aware (it names the
exit for where you actually are rather than telling you to explore, which would fail), and a
new test gates the whole shape so it cannot ship a third time - it found four further
instances nobody had noticed.

v0.19.7 corrects the Components V2 hub layout against how it actually renders in Discord,
now that v0.19.6 put it on screen. No structural change - same layout, same fallbacks:
- action rows no longer show a generic glyph; every row on a page was rendering the same
  fallback emoji because leaf command names are not in the hub-root emoji table;
- the status header puts each resource on its own line instead of one run-on sentence, and
  its bars are halved to five segments (ten read as a solid rule at 100%);
- danger-styled buttons carry their own verb ("Sever") instead of a red button reading
  "Open"; every other row keeps the single consistent label;
- the system dropdown is removed - it duplicated Prev/Next and spent a row naming the
  system already in the heading above it. The arrows wrap, so the far end of an 18-system
  hub is one Prev away. The freed row raised the visible-action limit from 7 to 8.

v0.19.6 is a correctness release answering an external audit of the v0.19 archive.
Every finding below was reproduced against the source before being changed, and each
carries a regression test that fails without the fix:

- DATA LOSS (Go): POST /v1/db/batch with transaction:false - which is also what a client
  gets by omitting the field, since Go's zero value for a bool is false - returned HTTP 200
  and then discarded every write. storage.Conn opens an implicit BEGIN before any
  INSERT/UPDATE/DELETE/REPLACE and Conn.Close rolls back whatever is still open, and the
  handler only committed when transaction:true. dbBatch now commits unconditionally, and
  commits already-completed statements before reporting a mid-batch failure. Six new tests
  in go_core/internal/server/server_batch_test.go; three of them fail on the old code with
  "reported success but persisted 0 of 2 rows". The only in-repo caller passes
  transaction=True, so shipped code was not losing data - but the endpoint contract was.
- HIGH (dashboard): Discord snowflakes were serialized as JSON numbers. Every id is 17-19
  digits, past Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER, so JSON.parse rounded them before any dashboard
  JavaScript ran: 847706123456789012 arrived as 847706123456789000, went into
  <option value="...">, and came back on the next admin action as a user who does not
  exist - every teleport, currency grant, karma and fate change against that player failed
  with "character not found". app/dashboard.py now emits out-of-range integers as decimal
  strings at the single _send_json chokepoint, and app.js compares/prints ids as strings.
- MEDIUM (Discord): clearing a channel message did not stay cleared. The cleared state was
  stored as "", which is falsy, so `row.get("content") or DEFAULT` read it back as "not
  configured" - the dashboard redisplayed the default and the next Full Setup/Repair
  reposted the message. There are three states now (no row = default, text = custom,
  "" = explicitly disabled) and Repair leaves a disabled slot alone. Clearing a message
  whose channel is currently unbound also persists instead of being silently dropped.
- MEDIUM (release integrity): RELEASE_MANIFEST.sha256 had drifted to 42 wrong hashes, 14
  entries pointing at docs that had moved, and 22 packaged files listed nowhere - and
  update.sh never checked it. It is generated by scripts/release_manifest.py now, verified
  by update.sh before the running install is touched, and gated by a test.
- MEDIUM (Go): backups were named to the second, so two taken in the same second - a
  double-click, or an automated backup landing with a manual one - silently overwrote each
  other. Names now carry milliseconds and are reserved with O_EXCL.
- LOW (Discord): an existing #bugs forum adopted by setup never received the required tags,
  while the dashboard advertised all five as available. Setup/Repair now adds missing tags
  (keeping any the GM added), and the dashboard reports the forum's real tags plus anything
  still missing.

Also: the release stamp is now self-consistent and enforced. VERSION, app/version.py, the
Dockerfile label, both docker-compose labels and .env.example all read 0.19.14, and the
contract test derives the expected value from app/version.py rather than repeating a
literal - the drift that let VERSION say 0.19 while everything else said 0.18 now fails
against one source of truth.

Schema: 26 (unchanged from v0.19)
Migration: automatic supported-schema upgrade through v26; v25 adds the channel_messages table for
GM-authored per-channel welcome messages (base channels + realm hubs), edited in place like the
#xianxia-info guide; v26 adds a bugs_channel_id column for the new #bugs forum channel where players
report issues as forum posts. No v0.19.x point release adds a migration: upgrading from v0.19 is
a container replace with no database change.

v0.19.5 is a GUI release on top of v0.19:
- the interactive hub panel gains a Components V2 "action list" layout, where every action on a
  system is a visible row with its own button rather than an entry hidden inside a dropdown;
- running an action no longer overwrites the panel it was launched from - results post beneath the
  card and the card stays live and reusable;
- the layout is piloted on /character only; the other 15 player hubs and /admin are untouched and
  still render the classic embed panel. LAYOUT_HUB_NAMES in app/bot/hubs.py is the whole rollout
  switch, and the layout is feature-detected and falls back to the classic panel on any error;
- the release stamp is corrected and made self-consistent: VERSION said 0.19 while app/version.py,
  the Dockerfile and docker-compose.yml still said 0.18. All four are stamped from one source now
  (0.19.14 as of this build), and the release contract test reads the expected value from
  app/version.py instead of repeating a literal, so the same drift cannot recur silently;
- two stale in-product version references removed: /me described itself as the "v0.18 player
  dashboard" and the in-game realm guide referred to "the v0.18 scene engine".

DEPLOY: replace the container/image and restart. No database migration and no config change. Verify
with /character (the new panel is the visible change). Running Full Setup/Repair once is optional but
recommended on this build: it is what adds the missing tags to an existing #bugs forum.

v0.19 is a cultivation-depth audit and consistency pass on top of v0.18:
- player old-age death is now actually enforced (was display-only in v0.18's patch line),
  routed through the existing samsara/true-death pipeline;
- fixed a rounds-based balance bias in Ancestral Dynasty conflicts that structurally
  favored the opposition side the longer a conflict ran;
- added a GM fate-grant path (fate.adjust had zero callers anywhere);
- closed five dashboard coverage gaps (household threads/occupants, Party & Formations,
  PvP, Conditions) and wired the orphaned npc.lifespan query into Discord;
- fixed five real bugs found during a full realm-progression/tribulation/aptitude/
  technique audit: an unscoped breakthrough-perfection bonus, a duplicate tribulation
  fate grant, dual-cultivators unable to reach their body-path tribulation, risk-free
  combat techniques, and a crashing /law technique command;
- consolidated 19 redundant per-stage audit/validation docs into one build history file.

See V019_RELEASE_NOTES.md for full detail.

---

Xianxia RP v0.18 RECOMMENDED RELEASE

Release date: 2026-08-30
Schema: 24
Migration: automatic supported-schema upgrade through v24; v23 adds persistent Samsara dynasty history and v24 adds ancestral investigation, dynasty claims, and conflicts

v0.18 completes the staged gameplay-authority cleanup:
- canonical Go-owned game-time authority across authoritative gameplay operations;
- Go-owned forage, craft, companion/artifact, lifespan, road, travel, and caravan mechanics;
- unified player/NPC lifespan, bootstrap-age, and natural-death authority;
- multi-hop road routing with canonical duration, cost, danger, encounters, discovery, and transit locks;
- canonical caravan routing, ETA, operating cost, dispatch bounds, and living-actor checks;
- dashboard-owned Discord channel/category setup with bot auto-provisioning removed;
- obsolete Python lifespan/mechanical authority paths removed after migration;
- release hardening for the Go HTTP boundary: loopback default bind, strict single-JSON decoding,
  and bounded JSON request bodies on internal mutation/data endpoints.

See V018_RELEASE_NOTES.md and V018_BUILD_HISTORY.md (consolidated validation/audit record).

Ancestral dynasty patch:
- ancestral archives, ruins, tombs, and surviving-retainer leads persist per Samsara transition;
- investigation quests provide the evidence used by inheritance, restoration, revenge, and replacement-house claims;
- extinct replacement houses never gain blood continuity from a successful legacy dispute;
- revenge requires corroborated hostile-cause evidence rather than assuming a replacement house caused the extinction.

Mortal capital discovery image patch:
- packages Azure Crown Imperial City landmark art under assets/locations;
- applies to every character regardless of birthplace: capital-born characters see it at creation because that is their first sight, while all other characters see it the first time exploration or authoritative travel reaches/passes through the capital;
- uses existing canonical location-discovery state to avoid repeat image sends and does not change Go-owned world/discovery mechanics.
Dashboard systems-coverage patch:
- adds authenticated read-only API endpoints for cultivation, crafting/assets, exploration/travel, economy, and Samsara dynasty systems;
- surfaces spiritual-root grade/purity/elements/refinement, bloodlines/physiques, Dao/law progress, tribulations, seclusion, alchemy, professions, beasts, artifacts, properties, formations, secret realms, caravans, auctions, black markets, crimes, reincarnation, ancestral investigations, claims, and dynasty conflicts in dedicated GM views;
- adds /api/capabilities so the dashboard can report schema/API coverage for the newer system groups;
- adds frontend/backend contract regression coverage so a dashboard fetch with no backend route, a backend view with no frontend consumer, or a nav entry with no loader fails tests;
- adds authenticated HTTP smoke coverage for every dashboard view endpoint.


Dynasty risk-resolution patch:
- ancestral investigation quests now resolve with authoritative server-side 2d10 checks instead of guaranteed progress;
- lead danger now controls the actual quest TN, and hard failures on physical ruin/tomb leads can cause setbacks and non-lethal vitality loss;
- dynasty conflicts now use random player/opposition checks each round, with tactic-specific modifiers and roll-derived progress;
- completing more ancestral investigation quests reduces claim opposition (55 at two quests, 50 at three, 45 at four);
- Discord quest/conflict output now shows the authoritative rolls, TNs, outcomes, danger and consequences.
